# Pet Store

First of all don't be overwhelmed by these files and folders, these files are generated by angular cli. For now just supposed you wanted to build your first angular app just read all my comments and summary for information and then you will appreciate how much anugular offer you. Your focus should be on "src/app" folder and files inside it.


# Update Method explanation

First, I will create a new function in a service file named "updatePet" and I will use the angular "httpClient" module for making "Put" request. I will create another Page name "updatepet" in this page I will create one form with these fields two input tag "pet id" and "new name", one select tag and select tag have three options available,pending and sold user can select any of these options and one button that submmit all input value to chosen function . now I will create function that listen to form submit I will name it updatePet this function will required one parameter data that comes from form. For sending data from form I are using angular "ngForm" I have assigned "updatePet" you can change it to any word you like for eg petForm etc but you have to remember to change it from function parameter, and I have added ngModel to all fields so I can get data when form submited. when form was submited I get all form data and all "updatePet" service to make request to this url https://petstore.swagger.io/v2/pet" remember I are using "Put" method because our Api will listen for "Put" request to update pet when I will get response from Api I will redirect user to home page.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.3.1.

I had to have anuglar cli installed in our system to run all these command.

## Development server

Run `npm run ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

I have genrated 3 components and 2 pages and 1 service in this project. Pages is same as componeets I just generated in seperate folder for more readability. but I have defined all routes in app routing module.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
